Gmail Checker 0.4 by Victor Andrée
==================================

This extension will periodically check your Gmail for new e-mails. It also supports
Google apps for your domain. Just enable extensions in Safari 5, install the
extension and configure it under your preferences.

The extension will automatically check the Gmail account that you're currently logged
into. It does not currently support several accounts, nor checking both Gmail and
a custom app mail.

The latest version is always available at [lifefrombelow.com/gmail-checker](http://lifefrombelow.com/gmail-checker) (the
extension should update automatically).

All icons are by Jonathan Shamir.

Changelog
---------

### 0.4

* The toolbar item's tooltip provides a list of unread e-mails (up to 20)
* The toolbar badge correctly reports the number of unread e-mails (previously limited to 20)
* Partial Swedish translation

### 0.3

* Does not create new tabs if Gmail is already open somewhere in Safari.
* Optionally checks everywhere (outside inbox) for unread mails.

### 0.2

* Support for Google Apps for your Domain.
* Delicious icons by Jonathan Shamir.

HTTP Auth bug
-------------

There is one known bug: You may sometimes get an authentication prompt for a "New mail feed".
This is because WebKit doesn't quite follow the XMLHttpRequest spec. You should simply be able
to dismiss this prompt if you see it (it should only appear just when you've logged in or out
of your account).

Support
-------

If you have questions or feature requests, please submit them to [victor@lifefrombelow.com](mailto:victor@lifefrombelow.com).

Source code
-----------

The source code is available at [github.com](http://github.com/vicvicvic/Gmail-Checker).

You may freely use the source code in this project for whatever purpose. The icons (toolbar and extension icons)
are however the intellectual property of Jonathan Shamir.
